add guides for contributing (#3)
bluegenes/2020-gep: README.md

[![License: CC0 1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License%20Parts-CC0%201.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

Except when noted otherwise, the entirety of this repository is licensed under a CC BY 4.0 License ([`LICENSE.md`](LICENSE.md)), which allows reuse with attribution.

> Please attribute by linking to https://github.com/manubot/rootstock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please attribute by linking to https://github.com/bluegenes/2020-gep.
```
license for us!
